In this lesson, we'll get to know our
sellers a bit more.
Please take notes on the motivations
indicated.
Okay, let's meet more of the people you will
be speaking with on each phone call.
As we discussed, these are your neighbors,
your friends, your co-workers,
real people, real situations that have been
weighing on them longer than they should
have. Picture this.
It is a Tuesday morning in the barbecue
capital of the world.
That's right, Kansas City.
A landlord named David wakes up, and before
his feet hit the floor, he is already
thinking about the property on the east
side.
The one with the tenant who stopped paying
three months ago.
The one with the roof that needs $12,000,
he does not have.
The one he has been meaning to deal with for
two years.
He checks his phone. There is an email from
the city about an ordinance violation.
A text from his insurance company.
Being a landlord seemed like a dream at
first.
I thought I'd make easy money and build
wealth.
But now, I realize it's a nightmare.
The constant calls about broken pipes,
late-night emergencies, and tenants who don't
pay rent.
I spend more time managing problems than
enjoying life.
The stress is overwhelming, and the
financial burden is heavy.
I thought owning property would bring
freedom, but it feels like a chain.
I wish I had chosen a different path.
If only I had known the reality of being a
landlord, I might have made a different choice.
David is not a bad landlord.
He is a tired one, and he has been carrying
this property like a weight around his neck.
Or picture Beth. She is an executor of her
mother's estate in St.
Louis. Her mother passed four months ago and
left behind a home full of memories and a
mortgage that does not care about grief.
Beth lives in another state.
She has a job. She has kids.
And every month that house sits empty, it
costs money she does not have.
She does not need a realtor.
She needs someone to make this simple and
get it done.
Or picture Ray, a homeowner in Dayton who
got a letter from his lender 60 days
ago. He has been telling himself he will
figure it out, but the clock is moving and the
options are getting smaller.
Wow, what a whirlwind life has thrown at me.
Just a few months ago, I was on cloud nine,
finally buying my first house.
I could see my future unfolding, but now, I
lost my job and suddenly, I'm
the primary caretaker for my mom.
It's like everything flipped overnight.
I worked so hard to get here and now I'm not
even sure what's next.
Do I find a new job? Do I focus on caring
for her?
I feel lost, but I know I have to figure it
out.
Life can change so fast, and I just need to
find my way again.
Then there is Carol, a homeowner in Lake of
the Ozarks who did some work on the property
a couple of years ago and never got around
to paying the contractor in full.
Now there is a mechanic's lien sitting on
the title.
I trusted the wrong contractor, and now there's
a lien sitting on my title and a fight I
can't afford to keep having.
I just want to be done with it and move on
with my life.
She cannot sell through traditional channels
without settling it first.
The problem is she does not have the cash to
clear it and she is in the middle of a
nasty fight with her former contractor.
She needs someone who can navigate the
complexity and still get her to the closing
table.
And then there is Marcus, a homeowner in
Kansas City who bought his house at the top of
the market. He owes more than the property
is worth right now.
I did everything I was supposed to.
Bought the house, worked hard, and I still
owe more than it's worth.
Every way out I look at feels like it costs
me my future, and I just need someone to
show me one that doesn't.
He has thought about listing it, but he
would still owe money.
He has thought about walking away, but he
knows what that does to his credit and his
future. Marcus feels stuck.
What he needs is someone who can look at his
full situation and help him understand his
options clearly.
These are your sellers.
They are not looking for the highest price.
They have already made peace with that.
Take a moment to think about all of the
various motivating factors we've discussed.
What they are looking for is someone they
can trust.
Someone who can walk them through a solution
that is fast, certain, and simple.
That someone is you. Every call you make is
a chance to be the answer to a problem
that has been keeping someone up at night.
You stop selling and you start providing
options.
And that is exactly where the best reps at
the BMH Group live every single day.
You just met five people.
A tired landlord, a grieving daughter, a
father out of work, a homeowner stuck in a
fight, and a family underwater.
Not one of them is chasing the highest
price.
They are looking for someone they can trust
to make it simple.
That someone is you. Take a breath, and next
we'll turn everything you just
felt into the seller profile you'll use on
your calls with real people.
I'll see you there.